Added entry for: (#4)
SeaQL/sea-orm-cookbook: src/016-search-path.md

# Configuring Schema Search Path in PostgreSQL

> This only works if you use PostgreSQL, and will have no effect on any other databases supported. For documentations on the schema search path settings in PostgreSQL, see [here](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-schemas.html#DDL-SCHEMAS-PATH).

The [`ConnectOptions`](https://docs.rs/sea-orm/latest/sea_orm/struct.ConnectOptions.html) object allows for the configuration of search path:

```rust, no_run
let mut options = ConnectOptions::new(url);

> // You need to define `path` yourself!
> options.set_schema_search_path(path);

Reviewer: Maybe add an imaginary search path here?

```suggestion
// An imaginary search path, you should change this accordingly!
let path = "my_schema, public".into();

// Override the default search path
options.set_schema_search_path(path);
```

Author: i think making the code not work immediately on copy is a better way to do this since they actually need to understand what is going on if the compiler screams at them

Reviewer: Make sense! Let's keep it as-is
